Update CTAs to use the new design (#13190)
docker/docker.github.io: docker-hub/audit-log.md

title: Audit log
---

{% include upgrade-cta.html

>   body="The Audit log feature is available for users subscribed to a Team plan. Upgrade your existing account to start using the Audit log feature."

Reviewer: Users can't be on a Team plan, and this feels slightly repetitive. How about:

```suggestion
  body="The Audit log feature is available for organizations subscribed to a Team plan. Upgrade your existing plan to start tracking events across your organization."
```

Author: Updated
